Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to start designing the customer landing page, but before then, we need
to get rid of this row.
Now, what we can do, we can add the newcomer to this and use control necessary in order to know where
the row has.
And now we can then get rid of this.
All our widgets are going to be displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
So for this reason, we're going to be using a column widget to wrap everything up column.
And as you know, the column can take multiple widgets.
So it asks this to drill as this property.
And the first.
Widget is going to be a role.
You're going to see why shortly.
And I think you're right in what it does.
And now we can then have the children, the first child of the role is going to be obsessed with that,
which is just going to say, create a customer.
What we can do is we can use double quotes in order for us to use a single quote so we can say create.
Customers single quote.
Sorry.
Create customers accounts.
Okay.
That is true, and that's to save.
You're going to see it via.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is within the column, the column has the property known as main axis elements.
Main axis.
Elements main assist elements dot center.
So this is going to take it to the centre or the metre.
So what we can do, we can add, it will come over here and you're going to see it over here.
Okay.
Now the test widget has a property known as STI and we can say test style, test tie.
We can give a full size of 25.
And.
There's a full suite.
First weeks.
Dot boat.
Okay.
Is Katrina safe and go check it out.
We can just make this smaller by, say, maybe 20 or.
It then.
Okay, great.
Now we can ask you to recover and recover, and you can try this now within the rule.
We can have other widgets, which is going to be an I call button icon.
I called button.
You can see the icon button has the property known as odd press, which is a function.
And for the icon this is going to be icons, icons, widgets.
Icons that.
Okay.
And now, sorry if we did this over here and now we can say sorry that I cause what I call error.
So this is going to be high.
Cause that person you can just say person.
Okay.
He's going to try to answer save and you're going to see it over here because it's within the row.
And now we can increase the size of the icon, the icon which just has a property known as size, we
can say size of 35 to make it a bit big.
Okay.
And the icon widget also has a property known as color.
So you can say color is going to be colors, dots.
We can say colors the card.
And use control and save.
Okay.
Great.
The lastly, the raw widget as well has a property load as well as element is going to be made as is
element dot.
The space between it's going to be the opposite of the column.
So had your cover and go check it out.
Okay.
Great.
Looking nice, right?
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.